Add scripts in Python:
Allow naming each client ($ddename) and each session ($cid) in a client so that no two clients have the same name, and each session name is prefixed with the client name so that they are unique to each other, aslong as multiple sessions within a single client do not have the same name and no client nor session has more than one name
Strip packet numbers of characters other than numbers. (/msg [EWG]-R-EiN-01 XDCC SEND #511\sd)
Add number sign (pound) to packet number if it is missing it
Announce URL head x, such as words under title, desc, other desc, to user or to channel.
colect passwords for nickserv, chanserv
prevent passwords from being sent to network or dcc chat
auto-authenticate when changing nick.
Displays network interface bandwidth usage on the titlebar.
Forward DCC SEND requests to a different client session of the hive.
Shorten URLs with is.gd or tinyurl
Display who is targeted when, a yourslef changes other users's status, sets a ban affecting multiple people, or kicks users out; using a wildcard on the chanel name and the user nickname that has a wilcard, will all show there expected results in the window the command is executed in and in *STATUS window.
Sends machine uptime to current channel. with a .uptime command. It shows the calling users (at first sight) SEEN Time and, the hosting users (yours), BOOT TIME both in weeks, days, hours, mins,sec
Automatically attempts to regain IRC primary nickname with nickserv commands
Recover channel operator in empty channel.
List multiple occurences of the same nick(s) in the current channel also seen in other channels.
Force nick for spcific networks, on start
Self Collide Prevention : Prevent using the same nick on the same network throughout all clients 
connections. Instead have two connections to the same nickname on the same network.
: also changing to a nick that is in a common channel on any given network, that is not the users nickname on a proxy will 
generate a warning that the nickname is already in use elseware and it is not polite to steal nicknames. DO not allow the nick change.
: nick collide bots will not work with this proxy as best as can be avoided. If a personal flood is happening part aall channels change nickname to flod bots nick only 1 char changed, rejoin all channels.
